
How It Works
Shining a Light on Solar Power
Did you know more than three million of people have already made the switch to solar power at home?

Unfortunately, this surge of interest in solar power has led to a lot of misleading advertising and even some outright scams from companies selling solar installations. But if you’re interested in harnessing solar power at your home or business—and just want the facts—SOLAR FOLK IS HERE TO HELP.       


Is the Sun Going to Solve Your Efficiency Problem?
It might seem crazy but it’s true: The amount of sunlight that hits the earth’s surface in just an hour-and-a-half represents enough energy to power the world for an entire year. That’s power worth harnessing, right?

Usually, solar technologies convert sunlight into electric energy through photovoltaic (PV) panels—the kind you see on rooftops or big solar arrays. When the sun shines on a solar panel, photons from the sunlight are absorbed by the panel’s cells, creating an electric field across the layers and causing electricity to flow.

Commercial and Institutions
Why Are Businesses Choosing Solar Energy?
The main reason businesses are choosing solar may not be what you think.

Some businesses go solar because it helps achieve environmental goals, reductions in carbon emissions, and target LEED certifications–and these are very good reasons. However, the most compelling reason businesses choose to install a solar energy system is because it makes good financial sense to do so.

Residential
Join the Solar Community With Your Residential Solar Installer
Solar is more affordable than ever, and as installation costs come down, the benefits of solar for your home, your lifestyle and community are more accessible than ever, too.

The Creative Solar USA team is certified residential solar installer who provide cost effective and clean, renewable energy to homeowners and their communities.

(s3)
These monocrystalline monofacial solar panels are known for their high energy conversion efficiency, VCS-144H monocrystalline solar panel typically ranging from 530 to 555 watts. This means they can generate a substantial amount of electricity from sunlight, making them suitable for various applications.

(s4)
 This high-performance powerbank is perfect for on-the-go individuals who need a reliable source of power for their devices. With its 6,500mAh capacity, the QuadraPro powerbank can charge your smartphone, tablet, or any other USB-powered device multiple times on a single charge.

(s5)
The Country Gardens 2-tier Solar-On-Demand Fountain is a relaxing and charming birdbath that features two turtles on the bowl's edge (removable if desired). This birdbath creates soft ambient sounds and adds an element of relaxation to any garden or outdoor area. The weathered stone finish is both elegant and versatile and can be incorporated beautifully in a variety of outdoor settings.

(s6)
The hand-woven solar chandelier is made of tough plastic rattan, which is thick and delicate, a fusion of modern design and traditional craftsmanship, long service life and natural simplicity. Outdoor solar hanging light is designed with waterproof rating of IP44 and weatherproof, no worries about rain, snow, frost or sleet. Using high-quality materials to increase the life of the outdoor solar chandelier. These solar lanterns outdoor will be an perfect decoration for patio, porch, gazebo, garden, yard, lawn, walkway and pathway. You can also charge the solar lights outdoor then use it indoor if you want.

(s7) 
The handheld flashlights adopt a high power bulb, which can reach the brightness of at most, and it can illuminate any dark place. It is made of high-strength engineering abs plastic and aluminium alloy, fully enclosed structure, explosion-proof, dust-proof, shockproof, ipx5 waterproof, rainproof, and splash-proof. (but don't put in water)

(s8)
This rugged solar speaker uses ABS+environmental silica gel, Fully sealed design. silica gel in a highly elastic material, very durable. IPX6 waterproof/shockproof/dustproof, suits for pool, beach, shower etc outdoor activities. Even drops from high place, still maintains original.

(s9)
JMEXSUSS 2 Pack Solar Christmas Lights Outdoor Waterproof, Each 33FT 100 LED Multi Colored Solar Fairy Lights, 8 Modes Solar String Lights for Outside Yard Patio Tree Garden Christmas Decorations.

(s10)
he green Christmas tree shape adorned with bows, red berries, and golden bells creates a festive and traditional ambiance. The four colors of LED lights add a vibrant touch to your courtyards, gardens, patios, backyards, lawns, and balconies, making them the perfect outdoor Christmas decorations.